Could blockchain solve real estate's biggest problem? Liquidity.

In recent years, real estate tokenization has emerged as an unconventional investment vehicle with advantages for both issuers and investors.

1/ How does real estate tokenization work?

Real estate tokenization is the process of fractionalizing real property into tokens stored on a decentralized database.

Real estate tokenization converts the value of real estate into a token stored on a blockchain, enabling digital ownership and transfer. These divisible tokens each 
present a fractional share of ownership stake in that real estate.

Real estate tokens are similar to NFTs, they can represent:

- Ownership of part of a real property or the entire real property
- An equity interest in an entity that controls real property
- An interest in a debt secured by real property, or
- A right to share in the profits generated by real property

2/ What are the advantages of tokenization?

A - Lower barrier to entry

By facilitating investment in fractional portions of real property, real estate tokenization enables small-scale investor participation and lowers barriers to entry 
for retail investors. Lower minimums and smaller investment amounts can thus be leveraged to benefit from the potential high returns available to traditional real 
estate investments – which typically require significantly more upfront capital.

B - Ability to create liquidity

Real estate tokens are easily and securely transferable by way of blockchain technology, allowing investors to diversify their portfolios, minimize risk and 
create 
liquidity in the real estate market. Conversely, issuers are provided access to a wider pool of investors.

C - Lower transactional costs

Through automated processes and a permanent unchangeable digital ledger, blockchain technology has the potential to streamline investment transactions and lower
transaction costs. As a result, investment transactions are generally completed faster and at a lower cost to the parties involved, facilitating higher returns 
for 
the investor. Tokenization also provides a host of other benefits, such as real time capitalization table tracking, improved accessibility and greater
transparency
for potential investors.

D - Diversification

Tokenization allows for investors to access multiple property types and different geographies. Investors effectively have the ability to have fractional ownership. 
Portfolios of investors are diversified because they are able to invest in various types of real-estate (commercial, residential, funds, and more).

E - Post management and security

Traditionally, when a real estate asset is to be sold to another party, one must go through a heavy process of transferring documentation.

This takes time and there is a high plausibility that security can be scrutinized. Token transfer, however, is a very quick and easy process that can be done 
between two parties anywhere in the world on the blockchain.
Activate to view larger imag
